Here, an everything bagel with cream cheese
and a large latte—€8,50.
Uh, I think I forgot my purse.
Not my problem.
Come on. I’m here all the time.
I’ve been waiting forever.
And yet still not my problem.
Are you serious?
I can bring you the money after work.
Next customer!
Sorry, how much was her order?
€8,50.
Oh, I’ve got it.
And could you add a regular coffee with cream?
Fine—€12 even.
Do I know you?
Nope. I just wanted to help.
Thank you.
Of course.
How can I get your money to you?
Ah, don’t worry about it.
OK. Thank you!
Thanks.
But if you’d like a little something
encouraging to read on your way to work,
you might enjoy this.
I don’t believe in God.
May I ask why?
I just don’t.
But thanks again. You’re very sweet.
Mhm.
Mhm. OK.
How many years in the camp?
Eleven.
Will anyone else in your family
be requesting resettlement?
No.
Why?
They are all dead
—killed.
I need a copy of your identity card.
Hey, I saw your . . .
No! We don’t hire foreigners!
You ruined your country;
don’t come here and ruin ours!
Get out!